1. dtOff_Test:
This program demonstrates a method that 
adjusts duty cycle by changing the amount of
time the signal is on LOW per period. The
amount of time the signal is on HIGH per
period is kept constant. Time on HIGH and
active muscle can be edited in the code.

2. dtOn_Test:
This program demonstrates a method that 
adjusts duty cycle by changing the amount of
time the signal is on HIGH per period. 
Frequency/period are kept constant. 
The program increments amount of time on HIGH
by 1 millisecond every 10 seconds. Frequency
and active muscle can be edited in the code.

3. Read_Pressure_Sensors:
This program outputs pressure readings 
(converted to kPA) when pulsing the active
muscle at a user-specified duty cycle
(entered into serial monitor). Active muscle
can be edited in the code.

4. Step_Demo:
This program produces a "stepping" motion in
the test bench leg when run. Target angle
constants, stage length constants, and the
statements within each stage's if block can
be edited to customize the motion sequence. 
(See comments in program for more details.)